Update VS extensibility docs (#2612)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/visual-studio-extensibility/nuget-api-in-visual-studio.md

- [`IVsFrameworkParser2`](#ivsframeworkparser2-interface) An interface to parse .NET Framework strings. See [NuGet-IVsFrameworkParser](https://aka.ms/NuGet-IVsFrameworkParser). (5.8+)
- [`IVsGlobalPackagesInitScriptExecutor`](#ivsglobalpackagesinitscriptexecutor-interface) Execute powershell scripts from package(s) in a solution (4.0+)
- [`IVsPackageInstaller`](#ivspackageinstaller-interface): Methods to install NuGet packages into projects. (3.3+)
- [`IVsPackageInstaller2](#ivspackageinstaller2-interface) Contains method to install latest version of a single package into a project within the current solution.
- [`IVsPackageInstallerEvents`](#ivspackageinstallerevents-interface): Events for package install/uninstall. (3.3+)
- [`IVsPackageInstallerProjectEvents`](#ivspackageinstallerprojectevents-interface): Batch events for package install/uninstall. (3.3+)
- [`IVsPackageInstallerServices`](#ivspackageinstallerservices-interface): Methods to retrieve installed packages in the current solution and to check whether a given package is installed in a project. (3.3+)

> - [`IVsPackageManagerProvider`](#ivspackagemanagerprovider-interface): Methods to provide alternative Package Manager suggestions for a NuGet package. (3.3 - 5.11)

Reviewer: 👍

- [`IVsSolutionRestoreService`](#ivssolutionrestoreservice-interface) (4.0+)
- [`IVsSolutionRestoreService2`](#ivssolutionrestoreservice2-interface) (4.3+)
- [`IVsSolutionRestoreService3`](#ivssolutionrestoreservice3-interface) (5.1+)
- [`IVsSolutionRestoreService4`](#ivssolutionrestoreservice4-interface) (6.0+)
- [`IVsSolutionRestoreStatusProvider`](#ivssolutionrestorestatusprovider-interface) (6.0+)

## Using NuGet Services

> [!Warning]
> Do not use any other types besides the public interfaces in your code, and do not reference any other NuGet assemblies, such as `NuGet.Protocol.dll`, `NuGet.Frameworks.dll`, and so on.

In order to maximize the backwards compatibility promises we make, but also providing ourselves the flexibility to implement new features, performance improvements, and bug fixes in Visual Studio, we do not support the NuGet Client SDK being used in Visual Studio, and we do not provide binding redirects in `devenv.exe.config` to assemblies other than our VS extensibility contracts.

> If you would like a new NuGet related API in Visual Studio, please search [NuGet's Home repo](https://github.com/NuGet/Home/) and up vote any existing issues if you find a similar one. If you can't find an existing feature request to up vote, please create one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like a new NuGet related API in Visual Studio, please search [NuGet's Home repo](https://github.com/NuGet/Home/) and upvote any existing issues if you find a similar one. If you can't find an existing feature request to upvote, please create one.
```

Author: Whatever spell checker I'm using in VS Code didn't think that "upvote" was a word. Online searches seems to suggest it is 😕

### Brokered Services

1. Install the [`NuGet.VisualStudio.Contracts`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NuGet.VisualStudio.Contracts/) package into your project, as well as [`Microsoft.VisualStudio.SDK`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.VisualStudio.SDK).

1. Use the `IAsyncServiceProvider` to get Visual Studio's service broker, and use that to get NuGet's service.

   ```cs
   // Your AsyncPackage implements IAsyncServiceProvider

>    IAsyncServiceProvider asyncServiceProvider = this;

Reviewer 2: Any chance we can link to relevant docs for other products?

Author: No, we can't add links inside code blocks. I added a link to `AsyncPackage` above the code block, if that's what you think would be most useful, although you commented on the line with `IAsyncServiceProvider`, so maybe you wanted me to link to that interface's docs?  Or did you intend for me to link to all the types, the brokered service container and the type returned by `GetFullAccessServiceBroker`?

Reviewer 2: Wondering if there's detail on how to detail with brokered services.

Maybe something that's in the extensibility docs.

Reviewer 2: Maybe Mads knows?

Author: Following an email thread, no, unfortunately there are no extensibility docs on using brokered services, only the reference docs on the APIs. They created (internal) issues to create some docs. I'm following the issues, and once they're done I'll be able to link them.

   var brokeredServiceContainer = await asyncServiceProvider.GetServiceAsync<SVsBrokeredServiceContainer, IBrokeredServiceContainer>();
   var serviceBroker = brokeredServiceContainer.GetFullAccessServiceBroker();
   var nugetProjectService = await serviceBroker.GetProxyAsync<INuGetProjectService>(NuGetServices.NuGetProjectServiceV1);
   ```

1. When your code no longer needs NuGet's brokered service, dispose it. For example, if you only need NuGet's brokered service during a single method call, you can wrap it in a C#`using` statement:

   ```cs
   InstalledPackagesResult installedPackagesResult;

>    using (nugetProjectService as IDisposable)

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't this throw if the service did not implement IDisposable?

Author: I haven't tested it myself. This was just the pattern suggested internally when I was learning about brokered services last year. In this specific case, we know that the service broker will definitely return a disposable object, even if the interface we cast to doesn't extend `IDisposable`.

I'm not sure why this pattern was used, I think it would be much better for package consumers if the interface extended `IDisposable`, but one side effect is that it will force the service implementation to implement `IDisposable`, even if it doesn't use any disposable objects itself. But that's not a big problem, we can have an empty `Dispose()` method. But changing our interface & service implementation is out of scope for this docs PR. This PR documents how it is now.

Author: Also to note, the brokered service does not return the object that our service factory creates. The service broker returns a dynamically created (with Castle?) proxy, which is disposable, which in turn uses StreamJsonRpc, or other technologies, to do RPC between the proxy and our service (hence it can work over Live Share, or locally).

But all this is implementation detail that we the NuGet team don't own, we just use, plus I believe it's too much detail and would confuse customers trying to get started with using our APIs.

Reviewer 2: I am aware of what the service returns, but I didn';t think that you're always guaranteed to get a disposable proxy. 

Anyway, resolving.

   {
       installedPackagesResult = await nugetProjectService.GetInstalledPackages(projectGuid, cancellationToken);
   }
   ```

### MEF Services

1. Install the [`NuGet.VisualStudio`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NuGet.VisualStudio) package into your project, which contains the `NuGet.VisualStudio.dll` assembly.

>     In NuGet 5.11 and earlier, the package automatically sets the **Embed Interop Types** property of the assembly reference to **True**. In NuGet 6.0, NuGet followed a change in Visual Studio guidance to stop using embed interop types.

Reviewer 2: nit: phrasing, I'd say it's a Visual Studio change, rather than NuGet following a VS policy. 
So maybe say VS doesn't embed interop types in 2022 anymore.

Ideally link these?

    }
```

> ## IVsNuGetFramework interface

Reviewer 2: Why are we removing this? I don't see it added again.

Author: My thought was that this isn't the dotnet/api reference. We're kind of treating it as a reference document (more so than any of our other NuGet docs), but at the same time we wrote at the top of the document that callers can MEF import these interfaces. `IVsNuGetFramework` can't be MEF imported. Technically `IVsPathContext` can't either, but I left it because of the following reason:

My intention was to document on this page the APIs that customers (VS extension developers) will care about. A way to use browser search to find interesting APIs like how to get the list of installed packages, how to install or uninstall, how to get configured package source, etc. I don't think `IVsNuGetFramework`'s properties or XMLDoc comments are interesting/insightful, or will help customers using find to search for an API they're looking for.

On the other hand, if they decide that one of the other interfaces has a method that they'd like to use, their code editor's intellisense or "go to definition" disassembly viewer, will show them what properties `IVsNuGetFramework` has, which is sufficient to empower them to achieve their goal.

Anyway, that was my intent, and why I deleted a bunch of interfaces that are not MEF importable, but are POCO definitions used as input/return values. Let me know if you don't agree with my intent, I can put it back.

Reviewer 2: I don't have too strong of an opinion in either direciton.
